# CS 1632
Software Quality Assurance - Fall 2020

## Course Information

**Taught by:** Wonsun Ahn (wahn at pitt dot edu)
  * GitHub username: wonsunahn

**Class Time:**

  * On Zoom through Canvas
  * Hours: Mon/Wed 9:25 AM - 10:40 AM 

**Instructor's Office Hours:**

  * On Microsoft Teams
  * Hours: TBD

**Grading TA Information:**

  * Primary mode of communication: "Regrade Request" on GradeScope
  * Secondary mode of communication: Microsoft Teams
  * Hours: by appointment
  
**Class GitHub repo:** https://www.github.com/wonsunahn/CS1632_Fall2020

**Required Texts:**
* [_A Friendly Introduction to Software Testing_](software-quality-assurance-textbook.pdf)
  * This is a PDF and is freely available by clicking on the link

This course provides students with a broad understanding of modern software
testing and quality assurance. Although it will cover testing theory, the
emphasis is on providing practical skills in software testing currently used in
industry. To that end, it will cover: manual and automated tests, test-driven
development, performance testing, and model checking.

This lecture will use the _flipped classroom_ learning model.  All lectures
(except the introductury lectures and guest lectures) will be pre-recorded and
posted on Canvas.  It is your responsibility to keep up with the lectures
according to the schedule on the [Syllabus](syllabus.md).  There will be eight
in-class exercises to apply what you learned during the lectures and to prepare
you for the deliverables.

You can choose to either attend classes in-person, synchronously online, or
asynchronously online according to the Flex@Pitt model.  Synchronous attendance
of classes (either in-person or online) is encouraged but not required.  If you
don't attend the lecture, please view the in-class discussion through Panopto
recordings available on Canvas.  The class schedule is available on the
[Syllabus](syllabus.md)).  

## Grading

* Projects (70%):
  * Deliverable 1 - 10%
  * Deliverable 2 - 15%
  * Deliverable 3 - 15%
  * Deliverable 4 - 10%
  * Deliverable 5 - 20%
* Midterms (20%):
  * Midterm 1 - 10%
  * Midterm 2 - 10%
* Participation (10%)
  * TopHat lecture questions
  * Exercise submissions (satisfactory / unsatisfactory)
  * Teams participation

TopHat questions will be provided when the recorded lectures are released.
They are expected to be completed during the given time frame (during the week
the lectures are listed on the syllabus).

Exercise submissions are unscored (as in your actual score doesn't matter).
You will get full credit if you submit "satisfactory" work.  By satisfactory, I
mean you did not just submit the skeleton code and you put some kind of effort
into doing the exercise.  Since these are unscored, you are encouraged to learn
from your classmates, including by sharing each other's source code.

Exams will NOT be allowed to be made up except with a valid and verified excuse
(generally medical - others are left to the discretion of the instructor).

The following grading scale will be used.  Note that I generally do _not_ round
grades up.

Score  | Grade
-----: | ------------------------------
100.00-93.00 | A (A+ for extraordinary work)
92.99-90.00  | A-
89.99-87.00  | B+
86.99-83.00  | B
82.99-80.00  | B-
79.99-77.00  | C+
76.99-73.00  | C
72.99-70.00  | C-
69.99-67.00  | D+
66.99-63.00  | D
62.99-60.00  | D-
59.99-0.00   | F

## Assignment submission

All exercises and deliverables will be submitted using GradeScope.

Assignments should be committed and pushed to GitHub to _a private repository_
and then submitted to GradeScope.  Some assignments also require write-ups that
needs to be submitted to GradeScope.  The format of the write-up will be
specified on each assignment.  Students are encourged to commit early and often
to the GitHub repository as commit history will be used as the ground truth for
proof of work (especially as it relates to a group project).  Also, frequent
commits help avoid conflicts when working on the same files as your partner.  

If any disputes from groups arise, I will assume that GitHub is the "ground
truth".  For example, if Partner A insists that they did all the work, but
GitHub history shows only commits by Partner B, I will assume that Partner B
has done all the work.

Late assignments will receive a -5 percentage point penalty per day (e.g., if
you would have received a 90% on an assignment, but you turned it in 3 days
late, you would receive 90 - 15 = 75%.).  

## Group Work

Please submit this [Partnership Contract](partnership_contract.txt) to
GradeScope by 5/18.  Your expectations as a group member are outlined clearly
on the contract.  You may resubmit the contract at a later time, at which time
the new contract will come into effect.

## Project Details

* **Deliverable 1:** Developing a test plan and traceability matrix for a system.
* **Deliverable 2:** Developing unit tests for a console-based application.
* **Deliverable 3:** Developing a simple web application system with the help of automated systems testing.
* **Deliverable 4:** Performance testing and optimization of an application.
* **Deliverable 5:** Developing and testing an application using both static and dynamic testing.

## Programming Language Selection

For all deliverables, the class will use Java with the appropriate frameworks (JUnit, Mockito, Selenium).  Projects written in other languages or using alternative frameworks will not be accepted.

## Participating in Class

Questions and comments are invited and strongly encouraged.  If you have a view
point or experience that may enrich the class, please jump in!  There are
several ways you can participate:

1. In-class

    If you are in-person and you have a question, just interrupt me and
interject.  If you are online unmute your mic and interject.  Raising your hand
is optional (whether physical or virtual).  If I miss your raised hand, it's
not because I want to ignore you but it's probably because there are too many
things going on at the same time.  So interrupting me is not rude, it's a
necessity.

    If you don't have a mic or other circumstances prevent you from asking on
Zoom, please post the question on Teams.  Use the "Posts" tab on the "General"
channel.  I want you to use Teams instead of Zoom because Zoom chats don't get
recorded and they evaporate when the meeting ends.  Teams posts and chats are
persistent and can be viewed by asynchronous students later on.  I wlll be
monitoring Teams posts during the lecture.

2. Offline

    Please use the Teams "Posts" tab on the "General" channel if you have a
general question or comment about the lecture.  If you have a question about a
specific topic for which there is a dedicated channel, please use that channel.
For example, there is currently a "Partner Exchange" channel besides the
"General" channel, so please use that channel to broadcast messages about
partners.  Channels for exercises and deliverables will be added on as the
class progresses.  Remember, you are encouraged to answer as well as ask
questions!  I will give a thumbs up on verified answers or I will add a few
more things if needed.

    You can also DM (direct message) me or another student in the class.
Again, select the class in the "Teams" menu and then click on the "..." context
menu beside the "CS 1632 Software Quality Assurance" team name.  Please select
the top-most item: "Manage Team".  There, you should be able to see the
statuses of all students in the class, and if you hover over the name of any
student, you should see options to initiate a chat, email, or a call with that
individual.

3. Email / Canvas messages

    For the fastest response, please use Teams.

When you ask a question about an exercise or deliverable, please submit your
source code to GradeScope so that I can reproduce your error.  Also, describe
precisely the steps I should take to reproduce your error.  Before you do this,
it is very hard for me to help you.

I will try to get back to all offline communications within 24 hours of
receipt.  Even if I'm logged into Teams, please understand that I may be away
from my desk or working on something else.  Meanwhile, feel free to answer each
other's questions!

## Disability Services Statement

"The Office of Disability Resources and Services (DRS) provides a broad range
of support services to assist students with disabilities. Services include, but
are not limited to, tape-recorded textbooks, sign language interpreters,
adaptive and transportation. Contact DRS at 412-648-7890 or 412-383-1355 (TTY)
in 216 William Pitt Union or see www.drs.pitt.edu for more computer technology,
Braille translation, and nonstandard exam arrangements, DRS can also assist
students with accessibility to campus housing information."

The instructor will work to the best of their ability to accommodate any issues
arising from a disability that a student has, but he must be aware of it in
order to accommodate it.  Please inform me as soon as possible if you have a
disability which you think may hinder your success in the course and we (along
with the DRS) should be able to work around it.

## Academic Integrity Statement

Cheating/plagiarism will _not_ be tolerated. Students suspected of violating
the University of Pittsburgh Policy on Academic Integrity, from the February
1974 Senate Committee on Tenure and Academic Freedom reported to the Senate
Council, will be required to participate in the outlined procedural process as
initiated by the instructor. A minimum sanction of a zero score for the exam or
assignment will be imposed.

View the complete policy at www.cfo.pitt.edu/policies/policy/02/02-03-02.html.

Some guidelines:

_1. For all scored deliverablesand exams, viewing the work done by your classmates (or a 3rd source) before submission is considered cheating.  Aiding this activity is also considered cheating.  The only exception is your designated group members for your group projects._

_2. For unscored in-class exercises, you are allowed (and encouraged) to look at your classmates' work and discuss it.  If you get ample help for the exercises, you should rarely need additional help for the deliverables._

_3. If you need additional help for the deliverables, your best source is your instructor._
